Document tt export/import (#3737)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/tooling/tt_cli/crud.rst

.. _tt-crud:

Interacting with the CRUD module
================================

..  admonition:: Enterprise Edition
    :class: fact

    This command is supported by the `Enterprise Edition <https://www.tarantool.io/compare/>`_ only.

..  code-block:: console

    $ tt crud COMMAND [COMMAND_OPTION ...]

> ``tt crud`` enables you to interact with a cluster using the `CRUD <https://github.com/tarantool/crud>`_ module.

Reviewer: Non-personal wording looks better in references.

```suggestion
``tt crud`` enables the interaction with a cluster using the `CRUD <https://github.com/tarantool/crud>`_ module.
```
